♪♪
Huh?
How can he be so certain
of where he's going?
♪♪
The time has...
come.
Abel: Come.
♪♪
Waters of darkest blue.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
What is that?
It's the ark.
♪♪
[ Singing in Japanese ]
Enju: Hello!
Ka-ching!
Hello! Ka-ching!
My, you look splendid,
my good fellow!
Pish posh, my good sir!
It is you who looks fabulous!
Alright!
Rein it in ants,
or I'll squash you.
Whoa.
Tsubaki is...
Huh?
I'm gonna get you
the best wedding dress
that treasure can buy.
Just you wait!
He kind of looks like
he lost something.
Yeah, and I'm pretty sure
it was his mind.
Huh.
Hold on a second.
Where are Yukimaru,
Fena, and Shitan?
You're right.
Where'd they go?
♪♪
Two shaku.
8 sun in length.
Shobu-style blades.
The hilt is consistent.
Tsumugari-no-Tachi.
White metallic in color.
There's no doubt.
This is --
Karin: Fena!
Yukimaru! Shitan!
Hey!
If you're there,
answer me!
What's going on?
Tsubaki: Wait.
Nobody's seen them?
I can't believe you guys!
Seriously.
You all saw
treasure
and completely
dropped the ball.
Karin: Like
you two can talk!
Shitan: I last saw them walking
off towards the upper area.
Same here,
but that was a while ago.
You mean to say
they've been missing
ever since then?
Here's what we do.
We go search that area.
No need to worry till --
[ Sighs ]
What's wrong,
Tsubaki?
♪♪
Oh!
This is...
Before you is
The Vault of the Earth.
The San Miguel.
Captain Kidd.
Holy Grail.
Ark of the Covenant.
The Knights Templar.
Treasure of La Noche Triste.
You will find all
of the world's
greatest lost treasures
in this place.
They were gathered
and brought here
by those with a calling.
Lying in wait for the day
they may be of use
to the world.
[ Gasps ] Ooh!
By jove,
I found it!
[ Laughs ]
It's all mine!
[ Gunshot ]
[ Men gasp ]
Let this be a lesson
to you all.
Those who are blinded
by treasure will be executed.
[ All gasp ]
Have I made myself clear?
Aye, sir!
Loud and clear!
Men: Aye, sir!
There's no point hiding,
goblins!
I know that you're in here,
hiding like cowards!
Time to come out
with your hands up!
Do that,
and I will spare your lives!
What now?
There's quite a few
of them.
Tsubaki?
I think...
Fena and Yukimaru
probably went
to where we're headed.
To the final location.
And if they did...
If they went on ahead...
then our role is
to act as their shield.
It may cost us
our lives.
Well, then,
so be it.
Both: Huh?
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
No sign of 'em.
Search every nook
and cranny.
I know they're here
somewhere.
Huh?
♪♪
[ Exhales sharply ]
Fire.
Did we get them all?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
Arghhhh!
Aaah!
Gaah!
♪♪
There's too many!
Huh?
Quit whining
and make yourself useful, ant!
Aaaaah!
♪♪
[ Thunder rumbles ]
[ Thunder crashes ]
It won't be long.
I shall be with you soon.
♪♪
[ Wind gusts ]
This place.
Why does it feel familiar?
♪♪
The wood's fossilized.
[ Thunder rumbles ]
Fena.
[ Thunder crashes ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Wind howls ]
[ Thunder crashes ]
[ Gasps ]
Huh?
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
[ Thunder crashes ]
♪♪
Abel...
What are you doing here?
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
Fena, get back!
♪♪
You once told me...
...those with the calling
will be guided to Eden.
♪♪
What do you mean?
I didn't say that.
Fate has delivered us
our promised land.
Because at long last,
forever is now ours.
Look around.
This flower garden is our world.
[ Fena gasps ]
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
It's you...
again!
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
You've stood in my way
for the last time.
[ Groans ]
[ Gasps ]
Yukimaru!
♪♪
As long as you keep getting
in my way...
I will keep killing you.
♪♪
Mm!
Damn you!
♪♪
[ Groaning ]
[ Inhales sharply ]
I see.
You're the boy
from that night.
How amusing.
What are you doing?!
Get back!
No!
Stay away!
Helena...
[ Wind whistles ]
Huh?
Fena?
[ Thunder crashes ]
Fena...
I won't let you.
You're not hurting him
ever again!
It's my turn...
to protect Yukimaru!
Hmm. Alright.
So that's how it's going to be,
is it?
If he's still
in the picture,
my Helena won't
appear to me.
It's all clear now.
Get out of the way, Fena.
You are not
my darling Helena.
You are of no further use
to me.
[ Groans ]
Fena! Move!
I won't!
If you try to fight
while you're injured,
you're going to get --
[ Gasps ]
What?!
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
What?
It's not possible.
♪♪
[ Sobs softly ]
[ Sword clangs ]
Abel.
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
Is that...
my mother?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Inhales shakily ]
I've found you.
Finally.
♪♪
I came to find you,
Helena.
Just like
I promised I would.
No matter the cost.
♪♪
It took me so long.
I'm sorry.
[ Groans ]
♪♪
[ Weakly ] Helena...
[ Groans ]
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
I've been waiting
for you.
♪♪
Silly boy.
Did you lose
your way again?
♪♪
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
You found your way here,
like you said you would.
♪♪
Abel.
You did well.
I'm so proud of you.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Chuckles ]
Cry baby.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Helena...
my hands are forever
drenched in blood.
I've killed
so many people.
I'm not fit
to hold you anymore.
♪♪
I just wanted
to be with you.
I wanted to be by your side,
forever...
until the end of time.
That's...
That's all I ever wanted.
♪♪
Abel...
you've fulfilled
your calling.
♪♪
Now forever's ours.
Come, Abel.
Let's go
to our promised land.
♪♪
Mm-hmm.
[ Wind gusts ]
[ Both gasp ]
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
My Fena.
Yes, Mother?
♪♪
What comes next
is up to you.
Huh?
It's okay.
So trust yourself.
♪♪
Wait! Mother!
Please don't go!
I need to -- [ Gasps ]
[ Gasps ]
Man: Their parts are over.
Their place in
your story ended
when they took
their last breaths.
It's you.
But how are you...?
This isn't possible!
♪♪
You're my --
my father.
No, Fena, I'm afraid
I'm not your father.
Huh?
For we are
merely symbols.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Cody?
Not Cody.
I am The Observer.
I am the author
of your tale,
the Storymaker.
♪♪
[ Singing in Japanese ]